hi subsoil here fit videos to the channel
of mechanizing the world where I am here
in a minecraft gameplay and I'm going to
teach how to make a telecannon you're worth
well for this we are not going to
need obsidian I do not know where I was and
I just put to play this game I'm a
that minecraft the pocket edition I will
with this I do not find obsidian
sure to the brief past
here and stone of the underworld of this I'm going
to teach how to make a tenet cannon is
super easy and my mother you're going to
do with eyes closed super easy
and now as you have it
and here a lighter is super easy good
so let's make a layer like this here
it was 64 56 for three times three it's worth like that
and we fill them
all if well filled out vouchers I'm going to
download the sound a bit to the minecraft
because it 's petals today we put the various
this is good the second layer we're going
let's do it by varying, you can
make layer of the layers you want worth
it will not influence
the higher you go, the more pure
logical but good and it has been forgotten by
be water and animals
for you take them and already the cobra and
nothing happens I could not do this and another
layer and because I do not want it to be either
very high and that the floor of this last
much
and well, I take this video to
give thanks to everyone you know
subscribed recently and those that are already
subscribed we are already 116 mother people
me I should not think it will
get to both the special 30 I said that
how much would arrive
well I think I said yes and well look
coincidences of life and here that go to
we are going to choose where are the
roses
here yes
we put ourselves here in the other we put
first the slab we put the water this is
sea decoration this I'm putting now
if we put the 12 of tnt
and this is true and we will have to turn
both practically at the same time
now we make a click here fast
let's say this
but the button down here and see you
in the next to God